package.json is configuration for npm  . Root is way to tell react where to do dom manipulation .here react elements will be converted to html which brower understand when render is called.git.
Bundles like web pack,parcel it packages or bundles  the app or all app files properly so that it can be shipped to production.
dev dependencies is required only in development phase
Major.Minor.patch package.json npm package version
~1.2.3 --> 1.2.3 to 1.2.9  --> upto patch third digit
^2.3.4 --> 2.3.4 to 2.9.9 --> upto minor second digit
crossorigin --> preflight option request where server responds for that with addiontal header like access control allow origin if it is * all allow , then client will send origingal post request.
diff between pcakge.json and lock .json is :: package.json file has approximate version with tilde and carat symbol where package.lock.json file
locks the exacts version installed in developer machine . sometimes we think it works in developer machine not in produciton , then diff version
might have been installed in production ,so that issue came.so we should push lock file to ensure the same version installed in developer machine is also 
installed in production.

in package.lock.json file in every exact package installed like parcel we have property called integrity which has hash to verify that whatever is there 
in my dev machine is same is deployed in production.It keeps track of all exact version of dependencies.

Transitive dependencies --> our app has parcel dependencies . but parcel itself a library or project that has its own dependencies . And those 
dependencies has their own dependencies.

if we have package and lock we can recreate all my node modules 
npm install install a package
npx parcel index.html npx means it will execute a pacakge.
parcel provides
development build
host the development build into local server
hot module replacement done by file watching algorithm which browser refresh for every save we do 
for every save build time will be less so parcel is caching the build to reduce the build time.
Image optimization
minification
bundles
compress 
Consistent hashing
code splitting
differential bundling to support older browsers and mobile browsers.
Diagnostic
Error handling and error suggestions and good error view design
Tree shaking removes unused code and unused function for unused
lazy dev build 
it will make to load with https npx parcel index.html --https
different dev and prod build 
npm start is equal to npm run start but npm build is not equal to npm run build , npm build will not works
jsx code is traspiled by babel into react code which is react elment which is again a an javascript object .this object will be converted to html dom elementswhen 
it is rendered using root.render which browser will understand
jsx code is transpiled into javascript object which js engine can understand .

jsx has className which is always camelCase attribute
functional and class based component where functional component is a javascript function which return a piect of jsx cod
e.if a function return a reaact element then it is functional componen t.
component composition is component within component.
functional component will start with capital letter and it can be called as function with /> andalso <></>
passing properties to a component is just like passing arguments to a function
when we pass multiple properties to a component  , react will wrap all properties into a single object and pass it to a variable props which is
argument to functional component.
cONFIG DRIVEN UI --> UI is driven based on back end data based on location the ui data will change , ui will appear or disappera or different 
color for different cities.
give a key prop in map array
react says dont take index as keys  it is bad practice
react makes developer experience easy with less code and performant and coding experience faster .optimize web pages so things happen very faster
if we give key it will not rerender all the item in list but only new list item in stack data structures.
